istioctl upgrade feature docs (#5245)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/upgrade/_index.md

---
title: Upgrade

> description: Choose the upgrade guide that best suits your needs and platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Choose the upgrade guide corresponding to the approach you previously used to install Istio.
```
